But, I don't think filling today's void is good idea. Who fills today's needs are the ones who were ignored for a time, rejected by the market, and then when the time is right, they were there basically, that could be thought for any leap.


So, who would buy a virtual piece of furniture? Today, maybe hobbyists, but it is not more then an artwork as its use case. That means, it's use case is not function, but fanciness. Do they relevant in terms of artwork today? Not yet, there might be -that's an estimation- around thousand (to five thousand if i'm being optimist) 3d furniture minted on-chain. 


Because the fluctuation of that market is not started yet. But when it gets in, first, as many things, some of the early works would be priced higher, then a furniture would cost a dollar with limitless supply on average. But, this text is not a wagmi cabal manifesto, it's a thought exercise, that would flop 90 percent.


wagmi cabal getting rich after virtual furniture balloon does great in secondary market


Before, it's better to discuss the concept of furniture in our lives.


Where ever we are, we use those instruments to relax, sleep, socialize, work, eat, get connected and more. Those gadgets simply are shortcuts to what we want to do, in a need level. But, humans in general coded to have similar tastes too, at least some tastes are highly likeable for most, since they're raffinate designs that does not create any ideological complications, for most. The best case for that is Ikea, clean and economical furniture that anyone can / would buy to their living / working spaces. But that's the lowest point, not aesthetically (it's another discussion), but as being an "entry level." And most people don't pass that limit, both economically or because of the relation they have with things. And it is a perfect mix of northern Europe civilization wellness with silent design. Almost like Gunnar Asplund, but more simpler. 


So, it's simplicity does not take any value, in contrast, it adds if the design is solved yet silent. But the market of that works with manufacturing costs + marketing power. There are lots of furniture expos happening all over, with the brands showing off their latest design. But because of its nature (industrial design), it can be new as a baby. Still, the map behind it makes it more valuable to own to society. 


We can call it a luxury item, if you looking more than functionality. Who would need a lemon squeezer by Starck? Or if anyone bought it or gifted (e.g. my girlfriend), who would use it to squeeze their lemons in a daily basis? A small scale exhibition object, with its reflective and bomb like body, that hints your personality in your space. Not different than hanging a Pink Floyd poster and a team poster that you supported. Those are furniture too. 

We need things to express ourselves. They are clothes for spaces that we spend time. They are part of your identity, and curating a small museum with living objects make anyone feel better and happier. And being yourself, making a space yourself is a luxury. It remarks the best combination of your taste, how much time you can spend, and how much money you can spend. You need that combination, to create your persona (mask) and show to the world. 


Maybe before, it could be limited to 10 people, your close friends, that you invite to your house to  chill. Now with social media, your domestic showroom is a part your narrative as a personality in social media, which is consumed by hundreds of people, that with some of them, you did meet only once or null. And it's same vice versa, you get bombarded by everyone's houses, their lightning, their coffee mugs, their table sheets, their street vista from their favorite window. 



virtual house visited by numerous of anonymous users



So, by using jpegs, virtually, your selection of things in your life is a public matter. Like clothes is facade of your body in street, of your spotify page is a mirror of how mad you are. Furniture is not different than that. It might be more hidden as a fact, since it is not digitalized yet, or democratized technologically, as well as outfits, make-ups, or playlists. 


Considering the time we spend in digital tools, not only in social media, but for anything, for paying tax, to call a cab, dating apps, zen apps, and all. It's quite clear that now we evolved to digital animals, but only happened yesterday. The prefix of "digital" does not change the fact that we are animals, and we are animals that are gifted / cursed to think spatial way. 



So, it's not a regular metaverse hypothesis but it might be too, and here's the cold take: all the apps that you are using will be 3D. No exceptions. Or at least 3D. I don't see a reason that we might invent new dimensions, that we don't know yet. But, what ever you call it AR/VR/XR, we, the animals, will start to consume digital goods in tridimensional, in a very very close future. 


So your Instagram page will be 3d gallery. And with ai, the real time render quality will be impressive, hopefully at EOY. But that's another balloon to designated to pop. How? 

npc's checking virtual sofa


NFT's as a technology had its balloon with cartoon animal jpegs, and most ppl thought, oh, the technology is good, now you can own a colorful kid drawing. Prices went to roof, only for a minute, now market are pricing those goods without any hype, so that might be their real prices. What's the utility, where's your road map? Some buzz words that make money bounce for a minute.


Metaverse popped too, with land sales, there was a rush to buy even existing places like squares or landmarks for 10 dollars from a website that launched the day before. People invested again, thinking it's the future. It is actually, but not in that shape. Now those lands are priced fairly, again.


It's all corelated with greed and rocking the freshest flex, as in my things. So, again, furniture? Or more broadly, 3D items that are easily usable in social media as easy as jpegs? That's obviously next flex. But as I wrote earlier, this text is not a wagmi bull we're early material. The prices could go higher and hit to zero in a minute. 


What I'm trying to say basically is that you'll host people in your digital space, people will come and go, anonymously, or with their handle. They'll see what's up, maybe hang in there or leave. It's like .com bubble but in 3d. Everyone will need their 3d space. 


But why this does not happen now? Because, it is not as easy for some to organize those spaces as theirs, mostly because of UI design, and it is not marketed yet, broadly. We are a millimeter away for this new kind of reality.
